this is the 3rd watch I've bought over the past 20 yrs. same model.... they don't stop...I just beat them up in daily construction work. Best looking and value out there.   
Nice tough watch, great for striped bass fishing trips. The watch band is super durable and worry free. Nice luminescent hands.   
This is a quality watch that looks great and is tough enough to wear every day.
One thing though, there's no light! You can't see it in the dark.
I like it and I'd recommend it. This watch far exceeds its price point here at amazon.   
Very nice watch and had been looking at this model for several years now. Found it on Amazon posting the best deal and with prime could not be beat. Looks good, feels robust but not heavy and from the other reviews should last quite a while.   
WATCH IS NOT TOO BIG OR SMALL OR TOO HEAVY. QUITE THIN FOR A DIVE WATCH. I'VE HAD OTHER WATCHES WAY MORE EXPENSIVE AND THEY WERE KIND OF CLUNKY AND UNCOMFORTABLE. THE BEZEL STAYS IN PLACE AND IS ALSO EASY TO ROTATE. WHITE ON BLACK MARKERS ARE EASY TO READ IN POOR LIGHTING SITUATIONS. AWESOME WATCH FOR THE MONEY AND IT'S CASIO DEPENDABLE.   
I've been looking for a digital-analog watch after the crystal of my old watch shattered. I wanted to try the accuracy and full features of a digital watch but couldn't let go of the convenience of an analog display. I first got the Timex T49827 which is almost identical with AMW320R. I use the digital display a lot and it was ok until the minute hand obstructs the view of the digital display as with most of the digi-ana combos. Then I saw this, I think this the best execution of a combo in a single face. Too bad, its Wave Ceptor brother WVA-320J also failed in this aspect.
When I got my package, I was a little unimpressed seeing this watch in actual. The blackness of the bezel is imposing while the dial itself is laid back because of the paper-like and semi-reflective texture of the dial itself. This is not noticeable in the pictures. IMO the dial should be prominent instead of the bezel. Observed accuracy is -2 secs/day compared to Timex +1 sec/week. Be reminded again that the night visibility is limited to the short spanned luminuos hands. The Timex has indiglo. But then again, that is being picky.
At $49 this watch is unbeatable. It surpasses any watch in its price range. It's about 1/3 the price of the Timex. An analog watch with the features of digital - date, alarm, stop watch & dual time. The LCD is clearer at more angles that the Timex's. Combined with good looks and especially the unobstructed layout, AMW320R is definitely a bang for the bucks.   
I love this watch Its tough, looks great & at a good price. I had my first one for 5 years until somone stole it. I replaced it with the same watch because I liked it so much.   
Old school watch, you get more than what you pay, quality, durability. Its my third watch this model. Will keep buying them.   
As always the Casio brand of watches is the best for quality.cost and variety of designs.I love this watch and is a gift for my nephew.This is my fifth Casio watch.Very satisfied with this watch.   
fits nice and looks good. I am glad I ordered this watch. would order again and though have not triedto seeif it is waterproof but it looks like it will hold up very well   
This is a great watch. It not only woks great but looks like a $500 dive watch. It so far seems very scratch resistant. You can't beat the price.   
I bought this for the boyfriend. I got him this same watch a long time ago. This is a very good watch. He loves it. He doesn't take it off even when he goes swimming. I had the battery changed a couple of times. The watch repair guy said that once he opens up the watch to change the battery, it won't stay waterproof. So when he goes to swim, he just takes it off. Then the crystal broke for some reason. I had it repaired again. It lasted a few more months. Then valentines day came. So I figured I would give him another one.
By the way, when I got him the first one, it was $250.00. So I know this is worth the money.   
I needed a replacement watch for one that had recently taken a "dive"...and not in a good way!! This watch met all my requirements: it's a face watch, it's got a stopwatch, it looks pretty dang good, and it's reasonably priced. I had this same style of watch with the gold tone face and it lasted for quite a while. I'm into week two with this version and it's a pleasure to wear (it has a very comfortable strap).   
great watch,for the price ,ya can't beat it. I run a chain saw, weed eater,and milk chickens w/this watch on and IT takes a beatin, and keeps on keepin/jw---also it's about the 5th one ive had in 20 or 25 years. I swap colors of dials from time to time.   
One missing function a light, but by buying this watch on Amazon I saved $30.00 compared to Walmart. I am a true Casio fan, it is the only watch I will buy. They are cheap and last forever.   
I love this watch, it originally came with a metal band and that watch quit working, but the band was still in great shape, this new watch fits the old band perfectly   
he wears this watch for everything and not only does it look sexy but its durable super high quality and doesnt scratch easily or need maintenance very great price for an amazing stylish watch. we saw this watch a West Marine for 100$ so the price here is amazing   
very nice rugged watch "military style" and very confortable resin band.
It has only problem: luminosity is poor, it's very difficult reading time at night   
A nice watch casual and sport at the same time, a good combination analog watch and digital, very simple features and very useful . For a modern man Casio watch ! ??   
Wow ! Thats all I could say ! Watch is clear big enough to read and can go to war and back ! Just what I was looking for !   
No complaints , not too big , comfortable. looks snazzy. Priced right. Ok..you can't go diving with it. Get over it.   
This little piece of clockwork is just awesome. I have another Casio and it has been going for 10 years. No battery change, no service, no nothing. My wife's Cartier keeps breaking and needs a 700$ service every 5 years. My rolex had a $1000 service this year. However my Casio keeps going and going despite misuse after misuse...not chic but the most durable watches you can buy!   
It fulfilled completely my expectations, and what is supposed to do, in accordance with the site description. What else can I expect for the money paid?   
Same classic look as the old-school Seiko dive watches at a fraction of the price, with a digital display to boot! I have owned several Casio G-Shock watches since 1993. Quality brand, quality watch, great price!   
I've been wearing one version of this watch since for at least 25 years. Love them and at this price it's insane. Once the battery goes, I just get a new one cause its rare when a watch shop makes it waterproof again after replacing the battery.   
Maybe I'm prejudiced, but for more than 25 years I've depended on my Casios and they have never failed me. Oh sure, the batteries wear out (usually after years of service), the watch bands wear out and the crystals get scratched (on the work watches), but NEVER has one just stopped working on me! So when I wanted to have a new one for snorkeling, I turned to Casio, and I'm not disappointed. This one has a larger dial, which is easier to see without my glasses, plus it's handsome enough for a dinner out. I definitely recommend it.   
When these first came out, I bought one at Costco because they were so reasonably priced. I've worn it exclusively for years and wished I had purchased another while Costco had them. While shopping Amazon, I was pleased to find then NEW and available for even less then my previous purchase. I forgot how nice these are right out of the box! They are sporty yet stylish enough to wear with a coat and tie. Durable as can be and the silver brushed casing contrasts nicely with the black face. This is a great watch and one you will be very happy with.   
This is a great watch. I am replacing a watch identical to it before they decide to no longer make this model. Not sure how long I have had it, but a guess would be easily over 6 years.

Its not too large, easy to read and has both analog and easy to set digital read-outs. The original watch still works fine and with great accuracy after quite a few years. Just battery replacement for the period. Oh, I think the rubber wristband dried up and broke at one point after years of service so I had to replace it. It is beginning to show some wear and tear - mostly scratches on the crystal. The rest of the case seems to be fine. Even had nice complements made about the old watch recently - never had that happen before. So that's why I got another one with the offer of free holiday shipping.   
For the price, it's a solid watch. Sturdy and durable.
You never have to worry about it, like you would an expensive watch!   
this product has 5 stars is very nice. excellent product. i recommendt it to every baby. thank you. buy boys   
I'm a triathlete; i have a black face and gold faced version of this. It is just utterly dependable, indestructible and reliable. Sure, I've change the battery but how many watches go thru more than one generation of batteries? I think my black one (about 15 years old) has had a total of 3 batteries at most. I bought my own tool to do this too btw. You can buy the tool on Amazon for the price of paying a jeweler to do it once for you. I've also bought one new band, but the watch itself...again...indestructible. Bought my first one at Costco who no longer carries them; figured I could track them down here. Ordering a white-face version now!   
The title is from the BMB album; roll up your sleeve and show your watch! The AMW 320R - 1EV does everything I want and does it well. I was looking for an ana-digi watch with dual time, day/date/month, stop-watch, alarm, timer (All these functions are easy to access and set up, and I found the manual quite understandable.), luminous hands and dial, water resistant, not too expensive, and not too big and chunky. The dual time feature keeps track of time at home and time in other time zones as I travel (in 3 weeks of use the digital time is exact while the analog time is 4 seconds slow); I use the digital display for home and the easy-to-set analog for my current location. The calendar keeps me up-to-date, and the stop-watch, alarm, and timer are useful as reminders (parking meters, show times, arrival/departure, etc.). The analog and digital displays are easy to read in the daytime, but only the analog is visible in the dark. There is no back light for the digital so set your alarms in a lighted area. The two-way rotating bezel is a bonus, again as a reminder and elapsed time check. I'm not a diver but I don't want a watch which is afraid of the water. This one is not. I haven't put it to a 100-m test but it shrugs off casual water from boating, watering, dish-washing and the like. The price was right for me. It's size is larger than my slim wrist would have preferred and the protruding A/B function tabs create for me a less-than-sleek appearance yet overall it is a good-looking watch. I will gladly display it when I hear "Watch out!".   
This is the third Casio dive watch I have bought for my husband, in many years. I have had Citizen dive watches that look very similar to this watch and none of them have lasted as long as the Casio. If they made the same Casio dive watch for women, I would buy one in a heart beat. GREAT Watch for the price!   
I am very happy with this watch. It is comfortable, practical for me (I am a boater & diver,) and the pricing of it made it a good value. I recommend it highly. Combine the quality & value of the watch, along with Amazon's super-fast shipping - everybody wins!   
I've had my gold faced one for 4-5 yrs. and got 2-3 yrs. out of the battery, which I thought was ok. I replaced it myself, which took a special wrench, a magnifying glass, and some small screwdrivers-pretty straight forward after that. The band wore out a month ago, so I ordered an exact match and am thrilled at the fit, quality, and ease of replacement. I've used mine in water a great deal and have worn the heck out of it and it still keeps great time and looks like brand new (now that I replaced the band). I love that it has a digital side that keeps time just as accurately as the analog side. I still think it's one of the best looking watches I could find. I can wear it anywhere. I loved it so much that I just bought one with a white face for some variety. I am thinking of getting the black faced one as well! People compliment me on the gold one all the time. I could afford to buy a much more expensive timepiece but I really don't see many out there that grabbed me like this one and I was looking for a dive type watch for a LONG time before I stumbled onto this Casio. Frankly, I don't want too many people to buy this watch because mine won't seem so cool anymore!! Just kidding. Get one...you'll love it.   
This watch was just what I was looking for - waterproof, heavyweight, manly, casual, and works for days at the beach. The price was right and I am happy with the looks and quality of the watch.   
Got one three years ago and it still works perfectly. Ordered another one in another color. The price is great, the watch is durable, keeps perfect time, and it looks great. I had a $600 Movado before and it gave me a lot of problems and had me muttering to myself how stupid I was to spend $600 on it. For $46 bucks you cant lose with the Casio.   
Great watch, looks the business and works as it's supposed too. Not great in the luminosity dept. but just viewable at night.

Limited functionality, but for a mainly analogue watch, it keeps it simple and clean. Stopwatch, Alarm, date/time, Dual time.

Looks nice and more expensive than it actually is.   
I have had 2 versions of this watch in the last 25 years. A burglar stole my last one. Bars on the windows now. I ordered the black face model again this time because I'm getting old and my eyes aren't what they used to be. Date changes are automatic--so now fiddling with 28-29-30-31 day months. Waterproof for dishes and handwashing--some day I'll go scuba diving. Clear crystal glass insted of cheap plastic. My son-in-law gave me a nice "Fossil" and I gave it away. This is my only jewlery and will remain so for years to come. The first one is still ticking away on my friends arm--I gave it to him when I got the Fossil. Mistake! Thanks to Amazon, I paid less for the replacement than I paid for my original 25 years ago.   
I ordered this and another watch. Both orders were processed and delivered on time. The watch above is the one I wear and it is exactly what I ordered. It has a very strong masculine look and feel. The exterior elements are very handsome and easy on the eyes. The interior movements of the watch are simple to set and operate. I would defiantly buy this item again (if I had to.)

-Peace   
I really like these Casio dive watches. This is my 3rd one. I like that the analog dial is easy to read and the digital stopwatch-calendar-alarm comes in very handy. It's rugged and looks great. The lack of lighting and the need to replace the band and battery every few years are minor issues.   
Pretty good for the money. In Australia, it cost about 3 times more :( I would recommend this anyone. Light option would be good and that's only negative point. I wear it when swim, it's perfect.   
I owned a Casio Dive Watch like this one for many years. It was very reliable and rugged. So when it broke, I wanted one just like it. I found this watch on Amazon.com and couldn't believe it. I ordered it and it came before the date I was promised. I took it with me to Florida on my next vacation and wore it in the pool and ocean. I couldn't be happier with its feel and performance.   
bought this watch at waalmart for 89$ and saw it here for half the price. I am telling anyone this is one fo the best watches i have had in a long time. I have a rolex and invicta and also movado but love th elook and also the feel of this one especially for all my sport needs.   
This is a great watch for the price - you will not find it cheaper elsewhere. It's perfect for surfing, swimming, etc. and has a stylish classic look. Would definitely recommend it.   
I have owned this watch for a little over a month, it not only looks great (kinda like an Omega) but it is very durable. This watch looks like it cost much more.   
I bought this as a replacement for my 11 year old son. His previous watch (not a Casio) broke after a basketball hit it, popping off the glass and knocking off the hands. As a very happy current owner of a 6 year old Casio G-Shock Atomic Solar watch (no battery replacement yet!), I wanted to make sure that my son would like this style and size, since his wrist is still "small." He loved the look and fit and wears it everyday. The only "modification" is a military-style, wide nylon band with a Velcro adjustable strip for the "clasp" and a built-in face cover/strap. He likes this strap better because unlike the factory rubber strap with the "preset" adjustment holes, he can adjust it anyway he wants, plus being Velcro, it is easier to put on and remove. He loves this so much that he is already looking forward to a Casio G-Shock Atomic Solar watch of his own!   
My mom got me this watch for xmas right before boot camp. It was there in boot, corps school, getting my butt beat on the beach and its still ticking like brand new. Im in love with this watch and not sure I ever want another model.   
I'm surprised that so many people criticize this watch because of having no light, losing or gaining time, and battery replacement.

Casio makes this same watch with the atomic movement, solar power, and lighted dial. This is what I got, and I feel it is the perfect watch.   
I've had this watch (Gold Face) since June 2000. I've had to replace batteries 3 times and the band once. I have had many watches in my life.A gold Seiko self winder in the 60s,a Titus Dive watch,A citizen and Seiko dive watch in the late 70's and early 80's and a TAG watch. Every one of the watches listed above have fogged due to water finding a way into them except this one and the Seiko Gold self Winder(never took it in the water because it was not water resistant)This is a great watch,well worth the money.I am here looking to replace another band.would like a metal one.If anyone here has any recommendations I would appreciate it.   
I've owned this particular watch before. I caught this Casio on sale over the Holidays at a gr8t price. Being a retired serviceman I could have bought at the BX tax free. But when I saw this on sale for $54, had to jump on it. I believe it goes for $79 normally. About this watch. It's classy enough to wear to the office, but is a work horse also. The one I previously owned, I had for 9yrs without any problems what so ever. It survived hard deployments in harsh conditions, heat, sand, etc. Even at the regular price, you can not go wrong owning this piece. It will serve you well for many, many years. I have seen some comments suggesting it's to big. In my opinion not really. I like to know that I'm wearing a watch when I have one on. Bottom line gr8t product. On Amazon. I have ordered a few products from them. Never a problem. Keep up the gr8t service Amazon!!   
This is my second watch of this model, as I lost my last one that I had for 18 years. It is great looking, perfect for snorkeling and for travel with it's dual times and analogue/digital. My new one works fabulously and feels even better.   
After many years of service I accidentally smacked the crystal while working on my car and was told it was time to replace it. I am not partial to strap bands so I have transferred the metal band from the old one so that it may live on.I purchased a blue dial version so now each morning I must decide which one to wear. Probably the last watches I will ever need to buy - darn near bulletproof, and now I have two.   
This watch surpassed all of my expectations. It is made of stainless steel, so it has a nice, heavy feel to it. The watch feels like a $600 dollar watch, but for only $50. Also, the watch can have THREE times going at once, one analog, one digital, and on dual-time digital. The stopwatch function is very useful, it only goes up to one hour but I've never needed to time anything above an hour long.
This watch is HUGE, it is the biggest submariner-watch you'll find, and I love it. It feels good on the wrist, although I did change the strap.
The bezel has 90-clicks around, and I find myself playing with it ten times a minute. Nice feature, but with the digital stopwatch you don't need a spinning bezel.
This watch should be a G-Shock. I dropped it from four feet onto a wood floor and it's perfectly fine. This watch is definitely my favorite watch, and it is very hard to top.   
I have owned this same watch for over 10 years. Recently I lost it and couldnt find a replacement. Fortunatly Amazon came to the rescue. In an age of $100+ and over designer watches this watch is an amazing bargain at a great price. It has a great look and a great band that lasts forever. It has all the functions your would ever need and keeps very accurate time. Unlike some watches that are impossible to figure out how to use this one is simple to figure out even without the instructions.   
Great value, plenty of features. Nice looking watch, I receive lots of compliments on it.   
One of the last best casio's in the market,this watch is a workhorse,is extremly accurate and it give you a lot of extras like dual time,perpetual calendar,alarm and more.It will give better service than a Rolex and more accurate.The G Shock used to be great but now they have plastic cases,this one still have a stainless steel case,its incredible for the price.Probably Casio will stop production on this one soon,its too good to be around this days.   
Wanted a watch that was suitable for virtually every occasion without a hefty price tag. This was exactly what I was looking for.   
I love these watches and was happy to see them listed at very reasonable prices on Amazon.   
Love this watch, get TONS of compliments on it. Very durable. Wear it both with suits in the office and out on the bike trails.   
I bought an earlier model a long time ago and it's worked like a charm! This one is an updated version and looks and feels very nice. Easy functions to handle. I love it...   
Did lots of on-line searching, and this watch is a great deal, It looks exactly like a $300 classic dive watch except the digital part. Have had it for about a month and love it. The one drawback is the lack of a light. The dial does glow, but not strong or long. But for $50, it is a great watch still.   
My previous Casio served for ten years therefore I bought Casio again. I tested it in many conditions including dipping in water. It has worked blameless. This is indeed a good product for a good price.   
My son has gone through two of these watches. He doesn't wear watches; he brutalizes them. The last one served him well for seven years. The first watch lasted around five years. I bought one and immediately liked it. I didn't like the black band and replace it with a nice metal bracelet. I wore that watch for nearly nine years. I had the battery changed 3 or 4 times. The last time the battery was changed, the jeweler told me the pushers had become clogged. He cleaned them, and I wore it another two years. When it finally conked, I got another watch. It is good for daily wear, and with a nice metal bracelet it makes a good dress watch. If you like this breed of watch, I think you will like this one.   
I needed a new, reliable, tough watch and this meets all the criteria.
Quality, price and promptness were great..........   
This watch is awesome! I've owned many watches, this fits my active lifestyle and looks great when I wear it to work! I've received compliments over the years, the band hasn't broken, and the materials are durable yet sophisticated.   
Aca en Venezuela, disfrutamos de nuestras playas y piscinas así como posibilidades de buceo. Siempre quise un reloj como este por su durabilidad, apariencia y que me permita realizar mis actividades de fin de semana sin quitarmelo o cambiandolo por otro según la ocasión. Excelente producto y seguro que compraré los dos modelos restantes, fondo blanco y dorado.   
i had one of these watches before and went thru three bands as normal and then lost it and was happy to find it online at amazon.com so i bought it. works great for me.   
This was a Christmas gift for my husband. He never takes it off, it is a very beautiful watch.   
On my third gold faced model since early 90s. First ones band broke so i replaced w/a velcro band. Fell waterskiing and it sank to the bottom of lake mead. Second one had just replaced the battery and dropped it face down on concrete. One of the hands came loose. Dont drop this watch face down. On my third. Battery life around 2 years. Casio makes great watches. Also have a casio digital that came w/lithium battery. The battery lasted 11 years. Replaced it 3-4 years ago still working. Its slim and love it also. If i were to spend more money i like the citizen but its 4-5 times the price. Next one will have black face. Buy it.   
I bought this watch back when it was a new design, about 18 years ago for $128. It has never let me down, never broken, on it's third (or fourth) battery and about that many straps. I've traveled the planet, dived in three oceans with it, it has gone through multiple crashes, been dropped off the roof of a three story building, years of flying and constant pressure changes, all the banging of using it during Habitat Builds, showers, skiing and still my clients who are "serious" watch collectors ask about it because they like the style (I use a Kevlar Band which dresses it up a little). If I told them it was a Brietling, they'd be impressed.

Now I buy these for Missionaries on the edges of civilization in Africa and the Philippines. They have the same thoughts as I do about this tough, yet elegant line of watches.

You can't do any better for the money. My wife keeps trying to buy me a watch - but I'm attached this this thing and it is tougher than a hammer.   
A nice robust watch to wear every day.
This watch is rated 100m water resistant. Although the manual does not recommend scuba diving unless the watch is rated 200 or 300m, I have been scuba diving with this watch multiple times with no problems.
The luminescence is strong and very readable at night.   
This is my third Casio Divers Watch over the past 20+ years and what I use a watch for, it's simply the best....   
I'm on my second one of these (the first was still working fine - but the face was quite scratched after 8 years). Great watch - but the band will crack after 8-9 months - and no discount stores carry the right bands - I have to go to a watch repair store and pay $15 for a new band each time.   
Watch was same quality as major retailer in town. $26 cheaper delivered. Nice size... wish it had an "indiglo" type option for movie theaters. I'm happy with the purchase.   
I am happy for the moment. My last Casio watch died after a year. I hope this one survives for a longer period.   
This is my second of this type of Casio watch. The first was an earlier version with the gold face. I used/wore that watch daily in my work as a peace officer. It served me very well through many years, and never missed a beat. The reason it "died" was my fault, while trying to change the battery myself, I dropped and broke it.

So, I finally got a new one, the black face version this time for a change of pace, and added my Zulu band from the previous unit. I love the look, the fact that it has analog time and digital day/date display, and a very good luminous display for night work.

I own/use many watches, both expensive and affordable. I even bought a very expensive 'made for the military' watch that really did not offer as much as this Casio. For the cost, the features, and the overall value, I don't believe you can beat this watch, and as always, great service via Amazon!

JJ   
Nice watch for the price paid. The band needs to be changed. I prefer a nylon cloth band.   
Although I had trouble with this watch (I had the gold face model before and the analog hands didn't work reliably) I decided to try it again because of the digital/analog features and great price. So far it works just fine. By the way, when your watch band wears out, I suggest you call Casio customer service to get the correct replacement.   
I just bought this watch at Costco for the same price as on Amazon. I think the excellent styling, big watch face, and great price is what made me buy it. I had been looking at the casio g shock watches and many other styles of watches but this watch really caught my eye. Even if it only lasts a year or two it will be worth it, I will just buy another one!   
I agree with the other reviewer who said you would need to find a vintage dive watch to find one this big. The watch has a nice, large casing and an easy-to-read face for those of us who have a hard time seeing things that are near. I've had mine for a month now and it has not lost a second. The digital display is a little small, but I don't use it much anyway and will probably only do so on the rare occasion that I need to set an alarm.

For the price, you can't beat this watch. It is water resistant and appears to be a real workhorse though replacing the band may be a challenge each year (also mentioned by another reviewer). For what it does, this watch is better and cheaper than anything out there.   
