Seems like this must be a problem with these in general, despite the nice reviews that some people leave. After several months the analog part stopped working. I got the battery changed and it worked well for a few more months, but then stopped again. Sad, because I love the look. But it just doesn't seem to hold up!

I would not buy this watch again, and caution anyone looking at it. Don't be fooled by the positive reviews. Those may be from right after people opened the box!  
I bought this watch it was working for couple months but started to stop by itself and quit working so I changed the battery and after that it start to be slower I dont know what the hell...........  
I want to begin by saying that I am very hard on watches, so I buy inexpensive models and replace them every year or two. Unfortunately, Casio stopped making cheap watches with a second hand, thus forcing me to go to a more expensive model. This watch was ideal for me because I need a watch with big hands since my cataract surgery. I really wanted one with a metal band, but Casio stopped making that model a year ago. That means I'm stuck with a cheap rubber band that I will have to replace soon. However, almost immediately, I had trouble with the analog function just freezing up, and I can't read the digital time without my glasses. It's what you get when you take a good Japanese watch movement and assemble it in China. What a piece of junk! I have had at least five Casio watches before this one, and never had a problem. I'm really at a loss as to where to go next. I guess I just need to pay the price and step up in quality. All I know is that it won't be a Casio.  
I had to replace the battery shortly after PURCHASING this watch. After replacing the battery, it died not too long after that so I'm done fooling with it. It's a shame because it's a really nice looking watch. Very disappointed. Also, you can't read it in the dark so that makes it useless to an extent.  
On my second replacement. Both watches behaved exactly the same. The digital works fine but the analog randomly stops and totally unreliable.  
I bought the Casio Men's AMW320R-1EV Marine Ana-Digi Dive Watch on May 23, 2012 and it has slowly been falling behind the actual time. I've reset it twice and it keeps losing about 10 minutes every month or so. I have immersed it underwater while swimming but not to any depth. The hands do not light up at night and the ticking sound is either very faint or very loud (my girlfriend wants me to stash it somewhere while we're in the car!). I'm just past Amazon's warranty so now I'll have to chase down Casio for a replacement...probably not going to happen. UPDATE: I sent the watch to Casio, they want $47 to repair a $50 watch I bought six months ago, enough said. UPDATE: Casio agreed to replace the circuit board at no charge and shipped it back to me with no shipping charge. I am leery of swimming with it again even though Water Resist 100M is stamped on the face. UPDATE: May, 2013 the watch has died again, won't track time even after Casio replaced the circuit board and I never submerged it under water. I'm sending it back and requesting my money back.  
I've had this watch for a couple of months and it is terrible at keeping accurate time. Sometimes it just stops. The second hand just sticks a few times a day. It might go a few days without loosing time and then it will stop a few times a day. It looks nice but is LOUSY at keeping accurate time.  
The 'B' button quit working, now the digital display is useless, and worse, the watch is stuck in alarm mode. Don't waste your money.  
I've had watches like this for years so was delighted to find what seems like a solid, water-resistant watch with a rubber strap. It looked great and was a good deal for the price. That written, the battery quit in less than 12 months and after it was replaced, the watch died completely. Looks and price are my top criteria but I'd sure like it to last more than one year. This one is dead and I'm not buying another regardless of the style and affordable price tag.  
Worked fine until just after the warranty expired. As other reviewers have mentioned, these aren't made to last. Digital display is blank and the second hands now moves between the 4 and 5 second mark. Definitely not a simple issue to fix, and not worth repairing such a cheap watch. Interestingly, although the title includes dive watch, the manual clearly states that it should not be used for diving. If that's not false advertising, I'm not sure what is.  
Bought watch October 16th, 2011. Noticed it was losing time on the analog portion, but digital time remained correct. Finally sent it in for warranty - whicch I paid shipping to send it, plus had to pay $9.95 for shipping and handling to get it back. Now 3 months after getting it back it is doing the same thing again! I have had great success with Casio digital watches, but this analog/digital watch has been frustrating.  
And no, its not the battery. The analog portion does not keep time. I replaced the battery and this did not fix the problem, so I returned the watch to the store and exchanged it for an identical one. Same problem with the analog portion losing time, and replacing the battery did not work. The watch is still under warranty, but I'm just going to return it and get my money back from the store. Why should I pay money to mail it to Casio and wait who knows how long to get another one? If I had the same problem with 2 watches, that tells me that Casio is making a piece of junk. Its a shame because I really like the design of the watch.  
I love the looks and feel of this watch. Classy and rugged looking. Large and heavy, which I like.
HOWEVER - I do NOT recommend buying this watch.
I have owned 4 of them in the past two years. Three of them died. They were not abused and never in water. They just quit working, and always just after the warranty expired. I keep hoping that this fourth one will last longer than the others.
I feel dumb for continuing to buy them, but I like the looks and size of them better than any watch I've seen or owned. I own several much more expensive watches (Pulsar, Seiko, Chase-Durer, Rolex, Fossil), and liked the looks of the Casio over all the others.
Casio has NOT stood behind the product. I understand that the warranty had expired, but you'd think that after 3 of the exact same model watches dying, that the manufacturer would have done something to compensate or replace. But they did not. Also, the rubber bands break in about 6 to 8 months..consistently.
I know this watch looks great, and works well for it's very short life. But, SAVE YOUR MONEY. DO NOT BUY THIS WATCH. IT WILL DIE IN LESS THAN 2 YEARS.  
This watch was supposed to be great to my soccer game day but after I wear it for a week it doesn't work good enough.

Quite frequently the analog portion stops...ok the arrow that shows the seconds movement stays in the same place doing a short movement but not moving ahead. First I thought that I moved the adjusting crown but checking it the mechanism doesn't work even if it is on the bedside table. If I reset it to current time it will work for a while, but then it will simply stop... again and again and again.... you cannot trust on it  
Stopped working after 2.5 months. you would a watch to keep time but it does not. dont buy this watch  
Purchased the watch because: 1) Looked like a great deal; 2) Has great reviews; and, 3)Watch looks sharp. However, the watch does not work well, has died three time in 90 days. Further, the watch strap is VERY uncomfortable and tends to make you happy to remove the watch. Last but not least Casio has never respond to any requests for hel..nor as Amazon (THANK YOU AMAZON for not even a e-mail response). My strong recommendation: SKIP IT.  
This watch was exactly what I was looking for: a waterproof casual weekend watch that wouldn't break the bank. I've been wearing it on and off for three months and find it comfortable and easily readable....however it doesn't work.

Quite frequently the analog portion seems to stop...just stop. I reset it to current time and it will work for a while, but then it will simply stop again.

The digital clock in the center of the dial keeps great time, but not as visible. I'm pretty disappointed as I've bought junky sports watches on eBay that have worked for years and kept great time.  
This is the second time I have owned this model watch. The first was purchased from Costco. The second from Amazon. Both times, the watch movement stopped working correctly after less than a year.

The watch style and intended functionality would be great... If the watched worked for more than 6 months...

I would give it 4-5 stars on looks and exterior quality for the price, but I have to give it 1 star based on the inferior quality of the inner mechanism.  
I have had many casio products and have been very satisfied including this watch. It worked perfectly until the battery died. I had the battery replace and the watch wouldn't keep time. I returned the watch to casio for repair and was told it would be $47.00. I am sad to find out casio makes a "Throw away" product. I have always considered casio watches the very best of the working man's watch. I can no longer reconmend casio watches.  
I have always purchased this model of Casio's watch for the last 20 years or so. The Model #'s change but it's still the same watch. I guess it's my fault. I kept purchasing old, or expired units from Amazon. The watch battery only last a year. It will cost more than the watch to properly replace the battery. If you just have someone replace the battery without pressure testing it will fail. This watch was great. I'm casio sells an upgraded version. You get what you pay for on Amazon!  
The watch is great, but there's more to this case than just a sentence. Read on.

I order the watch and paid for it. Good. I didn't get the watch. Called Amazon, nope, UPS would not deliver to my PO Box. Well, I went to UPS, they had sent the delivery back to Amazon. Amazon sent it again, to the main USPS facility, different place, that's where my PO box is located, but I used the physical address of the main facility, and specified the box number. To no avail. UPS did deliver it, but never got to me, so they (USPS) sent it back to the main UPS facility at MIA (Miami International Airport), which is 2 blocks away, but in terms of Amazon/UPS delivery policies, it's more like a world away. So I call Amazon back, and talk again with another representative in India, very friendly guy, he tells me he's sorry... you know, the usual stuff, he offers to credit the account and I insist I want the watch, but that they needed to focus on the delivery thing and put the bs aside.

I'm not happy now, you know, once, twice, a third time, this is not looking good. I order another watch, so I get it, and I get the wrong item, send it back, get my credit, but still mad, and going more frustrated because my original Casio Marine AnaDigi AMW 320R 1EV is not arriving in Miami yet, and I don't like it. I have to say, in all fairness, that Amazon did have the goodwill to send a replacement, then a second replacement, then a third replacement.

Finally, I get my watch! Oh Sweet Lord, I get my Casio dive watch. Well, I'm mad, but I'm starting to turn happy, because that's the watch I wanted. Well, I've had about 10 of this exact same watch. It is fantastic, everything large enough or small enough to fit me. I love it. But this particular one starts to give me trouble with the alarm. Oh, I don't like it. A month has passed after the warranty from Amazon expires, and now I'm on my own. Well, Casio will cover for it. Yeah, right, dream on! Anyway, I waited a few months, the watch gave me trouble , but it wasn't every day, in fact, just a few times at the beginning. As time went by, it became unmanageable, and the alarm is practically unusable, the button for the chronometer, I think the electronic panel got a bit confused, you know, these watches sometimes get to be stored in a warehouse for months at a time, even over a year, so when you get it you think it's brand new, but maybe it's been stored for a year and half, God knows.

So I try to contact Amazon, I don't want this watch anymore, and I want it replaced, not even asking for a refund, just a replacement with a new one, that works, they can do nothing, they say. I call Casio, and they give a truckload of bullsh.t, NOT FAIR! They want me to buy a new one from them at 99.95, special price for you, 89.95. Stupid. Well, maybe the stupid was me, yeah, I may have been the stupid in this story.

I have asked Amazon courteously to reconsider this issue, and give me a replacement item, and I will mail them this defective watch back to them. Of course, whoever reads the account would think I'm trying to get triple dip in this game. They did send two replacements, and only got the watch the third time. So if they didn't get the two returned deliveries, then someone in Miami or along the way has the watches, and they never told me they had received the returned items, or that they have not.

Sadly, at that moment, around October 2009, they said they were sorry they had been so many irregularities, and that they would credit the account. Boy, they credit your account, and you get the watch for free. That was a nice move by Amazon, to save the situation and keep the customer. And you win a good watch, for free. For free, right? Yeah, dream on! Six months later, Amazon sends me an email (one of those that look like spam and people delete immediately), and the email said that after some accounting auditing they had realized that an item had not been charged, and that they were charging 49.95, or 49.00, I can't remember now. I have since closed that credit card, you know the problems with so many credit card floating around, so I may have lost any dispute rights with that card to claim back my right, because even though the Amazon representative I just spoke to (today is September 9, 2010), has "NO INDICATION IN THE ACCOUNT' that a new charge of 49.95 or 49.00 was put in the account later, I guarantee you I got the email, and got the charged sticked to me.

At the end of the trip, I am not happy. While Amazon does make an effort to satisfy every customer, sometimes there are irregularities. And you are holding the losing end, the taste is not good. I am a reasonable person, I am a fair person, and would not take Amazon's money or anyone's. I paid for the watch, I got the watch, after three replacement attempts, and after all, the watch was defective, and now, neither Amazon nor Casio want to deal with it.

I would warn every Amazon customer to research the watches well. This particular watch retails for about 99.95. I got it for half, 49.95, or 49.00. In life, you do get what you pay for. The watch I got for 49.00 may have been stored at a warehouse somewhere for months, even more than a year, who knows, and sold as brand new, only to have just a few months of good use with me. I WOULD NOT BUY THIS ITEM FROM AMAZON AGAIN. I would pay the premium somewhere else. Sadly, the once strong confidence I had in Amazon has been eroded with so many irregularities in this case. By the way, they didn't give me the watch from free, they ended up charging it. At the end, I am disappointed. The once great watch, not so great, at least not this one I got at Amazon. If Amazon wants to credit the 49.00, I would be willing to purchase another, more expensive watch and pay the difference. But then again, I'm not so inspired. I'm sure they're disappointed too, and probably think I want to rip them off. Oh well, a customer is not always right. So I lose, and that's the end of the story.

To the Amazon team, even if you don't want to replace it, or give me credit to buy another item, please send me an email with your return address, so that I can send you back this watch. It stops constantly, the alarm is defective, and the chronometer gets all confused too. I don't want it, even when I paid for it, you should take it back, and keep it. Send me the address, and I'll send it back to you.

In conclusion, the Amazon team was very courteous and friendly. The Casio guys were nice too, but gave me a ton a bs, so it didn't work out. I would buy this item again, great watch, but not at Amazon.com, certainly not. Thank you all.

REVIEW: I hope this review helps potential buyers. The watch is a five-star machine. It's a tank, a spaceship. I've had a few, and believe me, this watch is a great 'monster', it has gone to mountains, the Nile River, hot and humid weather in Miami and the Caribbean, hurricanes in Cuba, cold weather in northern Italy and Turkey, I tell you, it's a great machine. Would I buy again, of course I would. It'a a fantastic watch. The 1-star thing is not about the watch, but about the whole buying experience with Amazon this time. If Amazon decides to reason and have the courtesy to credit the account, but not like the did before, credit, then charge you, I repeat, if Amazon decides to correct this situation, and take back the defective item, and replace it with a new one, I'd be more than glad to come back to this review and assign it a 5-star rating, because the watch deserves it, and buying this watch is well worth it.  
I liked the watch and it worked fine for about 6 months, then analog watch stopped working reliably. It would suddenly stop for anywhere from minutes to hours, then start again (the digital watch worked just fine). Had the battery replaced, worked fine for another couple of months, then the same problem happened again - hence the poor rating for the watch. To be fair, I have to give an A+ to Casio support. I sent in the watch for warranty repairs, and they returned it to me in prime condition within days. In fact, I think what they shipped back was a fully refurbished watch. Still two stars for the product, but way to go with support.  
It looks just like an expensive watch. I especially like the strap. But after a year or so it clunked out on me and died. In the trash.  
about a month after I got this, it stopped working. really a surprise since this is a dive watch that should work under adverse conditions and is from a brand that is pretty well known.  
This must be an old product being sold because it died after 3 months just after the return window ended.  
It started off as a good watch and I only had it for about a month when I woke up and it had just stopped working. Its possibly that it might have been the only defective watch in the batch but who knows....  
The watch itself, is a nice watch. However, I bought it because it was advertised as water resistant. When I received it, I noticed that the stem did not screw down. All my past water resistant watches had screw down stems...which I can only assume....make them "water resistant". When I contacted the company to question this, their answer was to take it off before going swimming (what???). The reason I buy water resistant watches for my husband is because, sometimes, he forgets. No big deal with his past watches, so I purchased this one so he had a couple (I still like the look of it, though).
Had I not thrown all the packaging away...I would have sent this back immediately after receiving that answer.  
I wish this watch worked. It looks cool and works as a dive watch except the analog time seems to stop at times. I am not sure it is a battery issue because it will run fine for days keeping time well and then I will look at it a day later and then it will be 15 minutes or more off...then it does well for several more days. Seems very random. (the digital is always fine)

Update: The watch still randomly slows and then runs well for many days. There is a deeper problem in the watch.  
This is an EDIT to the review of my OLD Casio (below) that I recently decided to retire. Unfortunately after only 3 months, the ANALOG portion of the NEW CASIO AMW320R-1EV has been losing time. Only a couple of minutes at first, and then last evening 20 minutes. The DIGITAL portion keeps perfect time, so the problem's something to do with the portion that translates the electronic time to the mechanical movement that moves the hands. I did some online research, and this is apparently a COMMON problem, with people reporting that even after sending $15 to return their watch under warranty(and have sent back), the problem re-appears a few months later. One poster said he' had THREE fail the same way so far. I am now wearing my 20 year old Casio again, and while it gains a minute (digital and analog) every several weeks, at least it's reliable. I edited my "5 STAR" rating (true for my OLD Casio) down to TWO for this one, and can no longer recommend it.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I've owned mine for almost 20 years now, and used it to "replace" a Bulova Accutron Astronaut model I'd had since 1965, but which at over $1000 collector value has gotten too expensive for me to wear "comfortably."

The Casio has been flawless, and while the flexible band won't last forever, it can easily be replaced by the Casio stainless brand one made for this model (wide), or a generic as I used on mine. I wore mine in my job as an airline pilot, so the watch was exposed to years of exceptionally dry air in the pressurized cabin, which was probably hard on the vinyl band, I think, though I much prefer the stainless one I installed anyway.

Just recently the 20 yr old watch watch has started gaining about a minute every several weeks, and the stop watch portion is now intermittent, so I've decided to buy a replacement. I paid about $35 for my first one, and at $47, it seems a bargain still.

I sure can't complain much, and my sole complaint, if you can call it that, is that the luminous hands are not terrible long lived.

I also wish the face on the current model were exactly like the old one (9, 12, and 3 o'clock were large, bold numbers, digital window was curved, and the hands were a tad longer), but few things in life stay exactly the same forever.  
As a watch it is OK but there are a few things that I do not like about it and will keep me from purchasing it again in the future. First, I have owned this watch for less than a year and needed to replace the battery already. The back is designed to be opened with special tools so you cannot do it yourself making it a bit more costly. Second this thing is very bulky, the diameter is over 4 cm ( a bit larger than an Eisenhower dollar) and a centimeter thick (3-4 Eisenhower dollars stacked together). It takes a little getting used to as an everyday watch. Finally there is no light function on it whatsoever. This is the biggest downfall for me. There are luminous markers but they are not all that bright and it is still difficult to tell time in the dark.

On the plus side it is very durable. In the course of my work it has gotten banged up quite a bit and does not really show that much abuse. The watch face surprisingly has no scratches that I can see. The worst damage came from me trying (and failing) to remove the back to replace the battery. At the least I would recommend trying this monster on before purchasing it to make sure you are comfortable with it.  
This is a great looking watch and I like the dual analog digital functions. But the analog portion of this watch does not keep time, the minute hands locks up sometimes and you look at the watch and it is 20 miutes behind and then you reset it and a couple days later it does the same thing. The digital keeps time but I would like the analog portion to keep time so I am trying to contact Casio to get it repaired as I let the return period lapse.

Update: I changed the battery and all seems well. You do need special tool to get back off of watch. I will update if it quits working again.

Update #2: It quit working again and I sent it back to Casio, in about a month they just sent me a new watch that so far works fine. I had to pay to ship it to Casio and have replaced a battery in the first watch.  
Had this watch for one and a half years when the push buttons started sticking while depressed. Finally, they became useless. If you look at the guts, it just cheap plastic. This was my first of two Casios in the last three years (my last was the Sea Analog which quit on me after only one year). NO MORE! Don't let yourself be mesmerized by the price and looks, unless you want to replace your watch every year or two.  
Other than the fact that the analog clock doesn't keep accurate time (loses an hour or so every 24 hrs.) I really like the watch. I will get another one, but am frustrated by the inconvenience. Digital time works and I like the look and feel of the watch. Nice size for a guy. Being a big guy I like a substantial time piece. Many watches don't fit the bill due to the watch face being too small. If it works a great value.  
Nice looking watch, great value, but flawed. The radium or whatever material is applied to the watch hands and hour markers to allow night vision is not adequate - the hour marks stay visible for some time but the hour marks fade almost immediately. So at night you can't tell what time it is.
Also, the button mechanism that steps you through the various digital tasks works only occassionally.
I should have sent it back right away.  
In daylight, this watch is HOT. Looks perfect.

At night, forget it. I mean it. When you wake up or go to bed, if it's your habit to look at your watch, you won't see it. Like, not even a glimmer of light off a hint of steel. NOTHING. Nada. Zippo.

The reviews are true. The dayglow sometimes glows during the day and you wish it would glow at night. If you shine a light on the glow paint it will glow for about 20 mins, and then zippo, nada. Nothing. And this is NEW, out of the box. And I've heard flies louder than this alarm. The alarm is way weaker than the watch looks.

Too bad. It could be a perfect watch with actual luminesence and a shockingly loud alarm.  
